ok so for friends list thingy, this is gonna take some thinking.
this isn't interesting, im just breaking apart the problem into small managable bits so i can work it out.

#1: we need to make sure usernames are UNIQUE (although emails can work, users aren't known by them)
    Subtask: it would be helpful if users could also use email to find people

For #1: im thinking i make a username list that is updated on Firebase, letting the tab read if a username is taken or not, this would make
usernames unique and unrepeatable. idk if i can do this but im thinking of using queries to determine which user ids have certain emails,
this is how i could make the WHOLE system work. the username list should be usernames (with their uuids and emails in their fields?)

#2: users need to recieve a friend request
    Subtask: if accepted/denied, the users need to stay seperate/be added together
    Subtask: add unfriend that removes friend status from other users account (this goes both ways)

For #2: im thinking that i could just make a really simple firebase rule that allows users to request data changes in other uuid's friend requests
document if they have the uuid. then, if accepted, the request would be deleted and then put into a friends list. i think i should also have
statuses to requests (accepted, denied, pending, blocked), because it would allow more control and history to the app instead of doing
all of the stuff blindly. blocked would let the user requested say that they don't want any more requests.

#3: make it so ONLY friends can start projects together

For #3: really not hard at all, when loadUserData() starts, it will also just check the user's friendlist and return it into the client
tab. this creates an array that is checked before letting users send post requests to firebase (also adding a firebase rule that checks
if the user is friended)

#4: when the projects are created, friends need to have a shared document that is edited in realtime with onSnapshot

For #4: a new project is created off users and it's a new project collection (for example, userA creates a project and it auto gens a
name "project0394") then, each user has an array of projects they're included in. idk how users would be removed tho.

#5: users need to know when they're offline (maybe add offline edits that post or just lock project editing?)

For #5: navigator.onLine literally returns true or false if the user is online or offline, should be easy, just lock requests. this shouldn't
need a firebase rule because literally nothing would be saved. only thing im worried about is that two users could edit at once? maybe it could
prompt each user about conflicting changes like vscode does.
